# LAP_Parameter_Files
# Collection of Parameterized Ligand-appended Pillararene Structures
Parameterization
- Gaussian Restrained Electrostatic Potential using 6-31G(d,p) with B3LYP hybridization
- OPLS/AA Parameters generated by mktop.pl 

Available Chemistries: LAP5

* Carbomoylmethyl phosphine oxide (CMPO)
* Diglycolamine (DGA)
* Propionamide Phosphonate (PropPhos)

DPP appended-chemistries with varying ring-size and side-chain length for this study: Duncan, T. J. et al. Side-Chain and Ring-Size Effects on Permeability in Artificial Water Channels. J. Phys. Chem. B 129, 659–670 (2025).

* LAP5n4 (m=5, n=4)
* LAP5n6 (m=5, n=6)
* LAP5n8 (m=5, n=8)
* LAP6n4 (m=6, n=4)
* LAP6n6 (m=6, n=6)
* LAP6n8 (m=6, n=8)

The file initial.sh can be used to initialize a channel-bilayer system using the popc_box.gro and topol_dih2.top topology. The perl scripts are from the following citation: Lemkul, J. MD Tutorials. MDTutorials.com, 2022. http://www.mdtutorials.com/ (accessed 2022-06-01). 

    Variables $pdb_protein and protein_itp can be updated to the inserted chemistry
    Structure is minimized
    Lipid coordinates are scaled: 
    * perl inflategro.pl *.gro {scaling_factor} {lipid resname} {cutoff distance from resname UNL} output.gro {grid size} area.dat
    Topology is updated based on number of lipid molecules removed and structure is minimized
    Lipid coordinates are scaled back down via 28 steps of inflategro.pl
    Minimized reduced coordinate structure
    NVT w/ channel restraints 1 ns dt=1 fs
    NVT w/ channel restraints 1 ns dt=1 fs
    NPT w/ channel restraints 1 ns dt=2 fs
    NPT w/o channel restrains 5 ns dt=2 fs

Finally, a 100ns equilibration can be carried out using the npt_100.sh input script to produce the initial frame for alchemical simulations.
    
    NPT w/o channel restrains 100 ns dt=2 fs
